September 12th, 7 o'clock.
[Unintelligible]
What are we doing?
We're running the meeting.
The subject is the public resolution concerning the clarification of the status of the Granby West Industrial Park.
I'm going to give you a little background.
Faye and Scotty and I...
went through all the information that we had, which was quite substantial.
You know, in the record, we found this clearly adequate information to meet the standards of the sketch plan.
There were some written graphic deficiencies which are outlined in Exhibit-A to meet the requirements of...
[Unintelligible]
Well, just sort of by way of background,
there was uh
some
confusion I would, I would guess characterize.
There are really two things in conflict
uh
one's before the board tonight.
One was that there was some confusion between the applicant and the [Unintelligible]
to this application
far as what stage in the process it was in. And the other thing that happened was there was a threatened litigation
by the opponents and then later one by the applicants against the town and as a result of that
the town board met with the executive such as myself. Out of that I went back and looked at the
[Unintelligible] process and staff looked at the materials that had been submitted so far to see what stage
the process was satisfied. As a result of that meeting and my discussions with the town board
I put together a resolution number 2000-9-12B which I think is before the board
and my recommendation is that the board adopt resolution 2000-9-12B.
What that resolution does in essence is it recognizes that there is a pending application.
It clarifies that the pending application is sufficient to satisfy sketch plans
and that it is now at the preliminary plan stage. As you may recall there are three stages
for a pending application. The sketch plan, the preliminary plan, and the final plan.
And at both the preliminary plan stage and the final plan stage it goes to both the
planning commission and the board of trustees. So to clarify what stage it's in staff went through
a look at the documents and concluded as I have that it is in the preliminary plan stage that there are some
items that need to be added to the application so that it is complete. Those items are listed on
exhibit A for resolution. The resolution in essence says that once those items are received then the
town staff will need the application to be complete and it will be at the preliminary
plan stage and it goes to the planning commission and that at the request of the applicants
the next step that is when it would actually go to the planning commission would be after November [Unintelligible]
that the matter would then move forward to
planning commision, board of trustees
for the preliminary plan stage
then later [Unintelligible] stage
So that's what the
resolution does
Any questions by the
board?
[Baby talking sounds]
[Unintelligible]
[Muted unintelligible background talking with baby talking sounds]
[Baby talking sounds]
[Multiple unintelligible voices]
Well, so far you've never seen [Unintelligible]
[Unintelligible]
..circumstance... [Unintelligible]
[Muted unintelligible background talking with baby talking sounds]
so, we can't really
vote on it tonight [Unintelligible]
[Unintelligible]
[Muted unintelligible background talking with baby talking sounds]
Alright, I think this [Unintelligible]
What I think we've found is, and correct me if I'm wrong, Scott, the preliminary plan is what we thought the final was.
The preliminary plan is actually the rezoning portion of the process.
So if that were approved, it would be the final plan is administrative making sure everything is in place.
So once you approve a preliminary plan, you can't go back at the final and say, no, [Unintelligible]
This isn't gonna [Unintelligible]
As long as the final plan reports it in the preliminary plan, it will report.
[Unintelligible]
I think you probably can.
If somebody wants to do it in a way that I know there's some people here tonight that want to address the board meeting,
you can probably take those comments.
We understand that it will be a board action, so it's not a quorum.
We do have a meeting, or there will be a discussion about a meeting,
to...
interview, and places to wish.
So we could continue this subject, whatever that date is, this resolution for that day.
Which is typically the fourth Tuesday of the month, which is the 26th.
So, you've all heard the statements.
Does anyone in the audience wish to address the board at this time,
understanding that there will be no action taken this evening?
Mr. Daly?
We'd like
to pass the resolution, the proposed resolution.
We haven't seen it.
I just brought it up tonight.
[Unintelligible]
And could I have just a second here?
That's the resolution, sir.
All right.
Is there, okay,
there's an exhibit attached
to it. Oh, it's correct [Unintelligible] Yes, sir.
Um, we've
got a difficulty with the fourth Tuesday.
Is there a way that we can kick it over?
[Background noise]
Uh...
two weeks beyond that
I don't know if you
folks meet twice a month
or once a month?
Normally we meet once a month
unless we see the
necessity of meeting twice
a month, and I don't see
any reason we couldn't just
continue it to the next regular
board meeting, if
that's the board's desire,
er, if you don't object
to that.
[Background noise]
Alright guys, just to help me with what Tuesday [Unintelligible] And that's obviously going to be a very important meeting for us. So I appreciate [Unintelligible] consideration.
Could I also get a copy of that resolution? [Unintelligible]
[Unintelligible]
So do you know when the next
regular meeting [Unintelligible]
Second Tuesday [Unintelligible]
[Unintelligible]
absolutely certain of the
date. Okay.
Thank you.
[Unintelligible]
October 10th.
Thank you.
I would entertain a motion to continue this matter to the next
regular board meeting? So moved
Second.
So moved and
seconded. All in
favor? Aye.
All opposed? Abstain.
So moved. Regular meeting's [Unintelligible]
[Unintelligible]
Uh..
I don't know, you want [Unintelligible]
But you probably want to go back to [Unintelligible]
Do you a copy of the agenda?
[Unintelligible] Okay.
[Unintelligible]
Now, [Unintelligible]
This, uh, thank you.
I need copies.
2009 will [Another voice speaking over "That's okay"] be this resolution.
Uh, and, uh...
[Unintelligible]
[Unintelligible], this resolution,
[Unintelligible] [Whisper: "You know how
to use the coffee maker?"] Yeah. Um.
This
time we will hear um [Unintelligible]
[Cassette tape hiss]